All right says we launch are already Yes instance let's now learn how to describe and how to see the
detailed information about our RLDS instances.
And for that purpose within the RDF class I'm going to add a described method right down here and I'm
going to say def describe instances and within that method I'm going to first of course describing all
our TS instances and after that I'm simply going to return self-taught client dot describe D-B instances.
All right.
And within that method as you can see you can provide the specific D-B instance identifier for that
specific D-B of yours.
And you can even provide some filters for like the storage type or the engine version or any other parameter
that you have to filter out your D-B instances if you have like thousands of bees within your AWOS account.
But for our purposes since we have just a single database and if you don't provide anything to this
method since everything is optional we can describe all the instances that we have.
And in our case it's just the single instance.
So I'm going to call this method from my deployer class and let's just going to comment out here and
I'm going to say and of course I'm going to have to pass in the Ardie Yes right here.
So let's just copy all those and maybe we can simply create a class or a method for deploying our.
Yes.
And let's just do that utility class so that we can easily get the yes from our RLDS class get our Yes.
And this is going to return oste our last client itself.
So I'm going to copy this and oops sorry about that.
And let's just copy all that and paste it in right here.
And let's just return it.
All right.
So what we can do now is we can just say describe my instances and I can just simply call the get our
D.S. method and that I can do what I want to do else.
And let's just say describe instances.
All right.
So let's just call this method and see what we're going to happen.
But we're going to see within this method declaration.
All right Allister's fixed those lines right there and
here we go.
So let's just hit run and see what's going to happen.
Of course we forgot to print out the response from a US.
And so let's just do that right now and let's just wrap it around the string.
Since this is going to return as a dictionary object.
So we're going to crash if you don't do that and here we go let's just rerun it.
And here we go.
Our Easter's is now being described from a double U.S. with the name my pulse Christy and the engine
version and the End Point up we can connect to this TB instance and simply you can see that everything
about our RLDS instance is returned to us from a deal with us.
You can simply use this information for any of your purposes for your r D.S. instances.
And again you can simply pass in a filter for any key of this return statement to filter out the elements
and results for your purposes.